// â™¥ rails c
Running via Spring preloader in process 21299
Loading development environment (Rails 5.2.3)
2.6.1 :001 > load 'db/gingkolane_repos.rb'
gingkolane/first-ide-lab-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/hello-world-ruby-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/javascript-arithmetic-lab-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/javascript-intro-to-functions-lab-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/javascript-logging-lab-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/javascript-strings-lab-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/js-functions-lab-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-lecture-reading-error-messages-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-variable-assignment-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/skills-based-javascript-intro-to-flow-control-js-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/ttt-1-welcome-rb-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/ttt-2-board-rb-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/ttt-3-display_board-example-ruby-intro-000 was deleted
gingkolane/countdown-to-midnight-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/debugging-with-pry-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/dice-roll-ruby-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/looping-break-gets-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/looping-for-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/looping-times-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/looping-while-until-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/meal-choice-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/method-arguments-lab-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/method-scope-lab-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/operators-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/parrot-ruby-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/rspec-fizzbuzz-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/say-hello-ruby-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-loops-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-math-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/speaking-grandma-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/todo-ruby-basics-dumbo-web-career-040119 was deleted
gingkolane/Active-Record-Association-Methods-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/active-record-review-discussion-questions-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-associations-intro-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-costume-store-todo-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-crud-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-lifecycle-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-tvshow-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/activerecord-validations-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/advanced-hashes-hashketball-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/apis-and-iteration-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/apples-and-holidays-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/array-CRUD-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/array-methods-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/authentication_and_authorization_with_gems-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/badges-and-schedules-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/basic-nested-forms-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/basic-nested-forms-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/basic-sinatra-forms-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/blood-oath-relations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/building-nested-hashes-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/cancan_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/cancan_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/cartoon-collections-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/classes-and-instances-lab-ruby-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/collections_practice-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/cookies_and_sessions_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/cookies_and_sessions_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/crud-with-validations-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/css-graffiti-override-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/css-kitten-wheelbarrow-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/deck-of-cards-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/delete-forms-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/deli-counter-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/deploy-on-day-1-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_pundit_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_pundit_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_roles_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/devise_roles_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/displaying-associations-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/displaying-associations-rails-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/displaying-has-many-through-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/displaying-has-many-through-rails-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fe-code-along-4-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fe-code-along-ex-2-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs_youre_a_dom_manipulation_master-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-acting-on-events-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-asynchrony-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-changing-the-dom-with-dev-tools-and-javascript-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-communicating-with-the-server-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-discussion-questions-intro-to-dom-js-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-document-onload-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-dom-editing-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-event-listening-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-eventing-master-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-events-functions-intro-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fetch-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fns-as-first-class-data-array-o-functions-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fns-as-first-class-data-do-behavior-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-functions-in-javascript-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-introducing-the-dom-and-just-enough-javascript-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-introduction-to-the-dom-to-get-started-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-iterators-fndcl-fnexpr-filter-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-iterators-fndcl-fnexpr-find-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-iterators-fndcl-fnexpr-map-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-iterators-fndcl-fnexpr-reduce-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-javascript-eventing-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-arithmetic-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-arrays-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-calling-methods-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-collections-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-comparisons-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-conditionals-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-lexical-scoping-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-logical-operators-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-scope-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-variables-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-variables-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-jsf-hoisting-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-jsf-scope-chain-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-jsf-scope-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-objects-and-fetch-intro-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-queryselector-methods-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-removing-altering-and-inserting-html-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-sending-data-with-fetch-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-the-dom-tree-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-use-fetch-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/first-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/flatiron-bnb-associations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/flatiron-bnb-controllers-and-views-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/flatiron-bnb-methods-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/flatiron-kitchen-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/forms-and-basic-associations-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/forms-and-basic-associations-rails-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/git-merge-conflicts-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/has_secure_password_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/has_secure_password_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/has-many-through-forms-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/has-many-through-forms-rails-labs-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/hash-iteration-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/htm-css-code-along-3-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/html-album-cover-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/immersive-week-1-discussion-questions-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/instance-methods-lab-ruby-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/intro-to-capybara-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/intro-to-rake-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/intro-to-simple-array-manipulations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/intro-to-tdd-rspec-and-learn-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/join-the-fun-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/js-basics-data-types-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/js-data-structures-objects-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/js-data-structures-objects-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/js-looping-and-iteration-looping-code-along-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/js-looping-and-iteration-object-iteration-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-dom-challenge-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-fetch-dog-ceo-challenge-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-task-lister-lite-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-toy-tale-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/key-for-min-value-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/login_required_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/login_required_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/manipulating-hashes-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/mechanics-of-migrations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/model-class-methods-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/model-class-methods-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/modification-nested-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/modification-nested-routes-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/module-one-final-project-guidelines-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/my-collect-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/my-each-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/my-first-hash-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/my-little-rainbow-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/my-select-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/namespaced-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/namespaced-routes-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/nyc-sinatra-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/omniauth_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/omniauth_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/OO-Animal-Zoo-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-basics-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-basics-with-class-constants-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-cash-register-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-counting-sentences-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/OO-FlatironMifflin-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-inheritance-code-along-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-meowing-cat-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/OO-mini-project-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-my-pets-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oo-person-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/oxford-comma-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/partial-locals-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/partial-locals-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/prime-ruby-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rack-dynamic-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rack-dynamic-web-apps-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rack-get-params-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rack-intro-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rack-responses-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-blog-associations-validations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-blog-nested-forms-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-blog-nested-resources-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-create-action-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-create-action-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-cru-form_for-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-dynamic-request-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-dynamic-request-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-edit-update-action-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-form_for-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-generators-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-hello-world-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-index-show-new-create-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-layouts-and-templates-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-pollywog-ranch-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/Rails-Practice-Code-Challenge-Travelatr-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-programmer-profile-partials-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-restful-index-action-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/refactoring-views-with-helpers-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/refactoring-views-with-helpers-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/refresher-on-mvc-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rendering-collections-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/rendering-collections-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/reverse-each-word-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/routing-nested-resources-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/routing-nested-resources-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-advanced-class-methods-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-boating-school-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-class-variables-and-class-methods-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-closures-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-inheritance-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-instance-variables-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-intro-to-arrays-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-intro-to-hashes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-lecture-fixing-our-broken-program-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-object-attributes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-object-initialize-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-objects-belong-to-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-objects-has-many-through-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-puppy-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/ruby-rails-testing-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/school-domain-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sessions_controller_lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sessions_controller_readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-blackjack-cli-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-nesting-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-partials-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/simple-partials-reading-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-activerecord-setup-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-ar-crud-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-basic-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-basic-views-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-dynamic-routes-codealong-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-dynamic-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-forms-params-readme-walkthrough-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-from-scratch-readme-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-integrating-models-walkthrough-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-mvc-file-structure-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-mvc-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-nested-forms-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-restful-routes-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-view-and-controller-readme-walkthrough-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-views-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/SQL-bear-organizer-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/square_array-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/strong-params-basics-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/translating-orm-to-ar-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/traversing-nested-objects-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/validations-in-controller-actions-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/validations-in-controller-actions-rails-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/validations-with-form_for-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/validations-with-form_tag-rails-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/validations-with-form_tag-rails-lab-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/week-1-day-3-discussion-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/writing-migrations-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/yield-and-blocks-dumbo-web-career-042219 was deleted
gingkolane/bookliker-practice-challenge-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/cookies_and_sessions_lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/debugging-workshop-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/delete-forms-rails-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/displaying-has-many-through-rails-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-acting-on-events-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-document-onload-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-dom-editing-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-event-listening-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fetch-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fns-as-first-class-data-array-o-functions-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-fns-as-first-class-data-do-behavior-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-arrays-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-js-fundamentals-variables-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-queryselector-methods-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-removing-altering-and-inserting-html-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-sending-data-with-fetch-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/fewpjs-stitching-together-the-three-pillars-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/Flatipotle-Debugging-Lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/git-todo was deleted
gingkolane/has_secure_password_lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/hogwarts-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/intro-to-npm-readme-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/js-advanced-functions-basic-functions-review-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/js-data-structures-objects-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/js-github-project-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/js-looping-and-iteration-looping-code-along-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-fetch-dog-ceo-challenge-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-task-lister-lite-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/jsdom-toy-tale-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/login_required_lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/lutrivia-react-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/npm-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-form_for-on-edit-readme-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-form_tag-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-form_tag-readme-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/Rails-RubberDucking-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-url-helpers-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/rails-url-helpers-readme-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-async-fetch-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-async-gif-search-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-components-as-routes-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-container-components-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-dynamic-components-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/React-Pizza-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-pokemon-searcher-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/React-Practice-Code-Challenge-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-props-movie-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/react-simple-state-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/React-Stocks-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/a-react-app-example-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/sessions_controller_lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/sinatra-basic-forms-lab-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/westworld-command-center-react-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/woof-woof-js-practice-dumbo-web-051319 was deleted
gingkolane/a-react-app-example-dumbo-web-career-021819 was deleted
gingkolane/bikini_bottom was deleted
gingkolane/blog-flash was deleted
gingkolane/building-nested-hashes was deleted
gingkolane/camping_fun was deleted
gingkolane/chicken_Ser was deleted
gingkolane/hello-world was deleted
gingkolane/js-api-samples was deleted
gingkolane/js-data-structures-objects-lab was deleted
gingkolane/Module-4-Code-Challenge-Poesy- was deleted
gingkolane/numfive was deleted
gingkolane/react-forms-lab was deleted
gingkolane/react-props-movie-lab-nyc-web-111918 was deleted
gingkolane/Sinatra-Jams was deleted
gingkolane/Sinatra-Jams-II was deleted
 => true 
